So let's call it.
Well, so this was the legislation.
I should be David first.
LC as.
So what's the next one?
Our problem is longest, but.
Copy the input we have anonyme and then we have a directed graph.
So if you are unfamiliar with graph concepts, you can check out our graph algorithm course.
Also, you can check the graph section in this course.
Also late.
And if you are very unfamiliar with the activities, graphs and different types of graphs and trees,
then just lastly, move on to that section like all that, see that, do that and then come back to
this eight or if you want to go deeper and like who?
Know about more topics and graphs.
Then you can simply move on to the graph algorithm.
Cause according to this way, you will get a deep insight on graphs.
Cool.
Yeah.
Biology p.
And what I have.
Okay.
Four or five.
Great.
Let's make a graph.
So I usually use this basic decency list.
So what is the length?
It's one 5/8 and it's 75 plus one.
Now let's take input.
So here we have Anonyme.
We have a graph of export push back by.
And this goes till I'm not.
Then I've done this mistake many times.
Yeah.
So get off of exert push back by because we are meeting meeting art director and so the idea sincerely
is we are pushing them back and what we do is very simple.
They will just take a visited node for that.
I don't visit any of it again.
All what we can do is instead of writing a DFS, let's make it look like a DP ray or denim programming
solution.
So what I'll do is I'll move on to all the notes.
Simply say that.
Okay.
This the final service for the end of the longest we'll be able to answer that goes to max opens answer
comma API or is Deepa?
Deepa is the length of the longest but starting from I get an x.
Well, so let's put this DPA function.
So let's say it's current on which I am on the horizontal.
So for current depends.
Let's dig down on the with zero initially and let's move in the adjacency list of this current node.
Eight.
What are the risks in get graph of going into X is going in there since it is of it and what I'll do
is if.
I simply say that onset is max off onset coma BP.
Plus, it gave me the best answer for the challenge for all the drillers.
I'm digging the best one.
Entertaining.
And of course, guys, I don't have to check for the patent case in this case via because.
It's a dedicated group to bid and cannot be indicted since it is struck the cardinal rule.
And in the end, it's spring onset here.
It's written back, Gonzales.
It's really.
So here I got three is three that I've done it.
Yeah.
Three.
Well so whenever I'm including an engineer I'm going to simply adding plus one.
Eight.
And no base case is needed because let's say I'm on the last node, I'm gonna leave node.
An answer is zero.
It doesn't have any of this.
So this, for a loop is not working for the leave note because it doesn't have.
I needed to send the list and it simply didn't make zero.
Doing so isn't is the smallest DB problem that you'll ever see.
Right?
But always remember it's in all that and even programming problems are detected is actually graph is
being formed, a dag is being formed and like if I consider all the tiny booming states as the nodes
of this graph and all the transitions as the edges, then there will be a dag and here I have one.
Here one is the length.
Right here it can be cost value.
And if I talk about general DP problems, what is the cost?
Cost can be anything in an empty problem.
The cost was.
The cost was the value that we were getting late in the frogs in problem.
The cost was when the cost was actually minus the difference.
There's this cost value and then this is because of relation.
That's everything about anime.
But I mean, it's a director, basically.
Gruff, always.
Well.
So if I build this.
Yeah, I've got three.
Well, there's one problem here that I want memory stick, selective memory.
Because I can go to any state like many, many times by C and let's say, let's say started with four.
Let's say four was one and one was Ford.
So let's say this was a graph structure started when I calculated it.
Then I went to.
Do I get glitter too by using three and three, getting back to one again?
So this recursive approach goes in this way one, then it goes 2 to 3, and then one.
Then from two it goes to one again and then get miss two.
Now from three it goes to one and then four from from it goes to the one comes back to two and then
goes to one.
Come back two for voice two, three goes to one.
I'm just kind of backtracking everything here these many times.
Recursion will be called in just a simple graph here.
So here we have only four nodes.
So if I don't want to calculate and instead twice I'll simply use memorization.
So let's use memorization.
Memo in and memo said it.
Minus one gamma size of a moon.
And what happens there is improved stuff.
And.
It's a memo current.
And if.
That is not equal to minus one an answer.
Otherwise the answer is zero and do the calculation part.
Well, you guys, it's been delayed again.
And it's submitted?
No.
So all these problems will give you something new.
Right in there.
And you will be able to.
They get an overview of that in on the.
Still, I wouldn't say that you are master of fatally approaching this.
You'll get an overview why I missing.
It's an overview because it's kind of like mathematics.
You're never fully done with it.
The more problems you solve after completing these 26 problems, just move on to any of the website.
I'll just I suggest you let go and solve the dynamic programming problems.
You will be able to understand them easily now, like in a more better approach, and you'll be able
to like solve many problems because here you have that kind of all types of problems.
It's all fun.
We did well and good.
And after this, let's move on to the next problem.
Thank you.